Updating documentation (#186)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: docs/cli/flags.rst

Command Line Options
====================

Command line options may be specified in either a config file
or directly passed as flags. If an option exists in both the config

> file and flags, flags takes precedent and overrides the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file and flags, flags take precedent and override the config file.
```

The config file is a yaml file, examples may be found in
`example_config <https://github.com/ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel/tree/master/example_config>`_.

> Each key-value pair ``key: value`` corresponds to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the config file, each key-value pair ``key: value`` corresponds to
```

> passing the flag ``--key value``. For example, to set the data directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passing the flag ``--key value``. The following example sets the data directory
```

in the config file

.. code-block:: yaml

    data_dir: path/to/data

> For lists of arguments such as ``monitor_metrics``, the value is a list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an option with multiple values, it can be specified as a list
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    monitor_metrics: [P@1, P@3, P@3]

The corresponding command line flag is passed as

.. code-block:: bash

    python3 main.py --monitor_metrics P@1 P@3 P@5

> For values which contains dashes such as ``liblinear_options``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a value which contains dashes such as ``liblinear_options``,
```

> For a value which contains dashes such as ``liblinear_options``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For options such as ``liblinear_options``, the value may contain ``-``.
```

> use ``=`` to pass the value on the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``=`` to pass the value on the command line
```

.. code-block:: bash

    python3 main.py --liblinear_options='-s 2 -B 1 -e 0.0001 -q'

> Hierarchical parameters such as ``network_config`` must be specified in a config file.

Reviewer: "Hierarchical" is a bit confusing as people may think we have hierarchical networks

```suggestion
 Second-level parameters such as those under``network_config`` must be specified in a config file.
```

>  Second-level parameters such as those under``network_config`` must be specified in a config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second-level parameters such as those under``network_config`` must be specified in a config file.
```
